Updated subscription section (#67)
crate/cloud-reference: docs/subscription-plans.rst

CRFREE
------

> This plan is aimed at new users who want to test and evaluate our offerings 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plan is aimed at new users who want to test and evaluate CrateDb Cloud
```

.. _subscription-plans-tiers:

Marketplace offer
=================

If you have an existing Azure/AWS marketplace account and want to subscribe to
CrateDB Cloud using that, you can. The principles are the same as with credit
card subscription, which allows maximum flexibility regarding deployment and
scaling up/down:

> - User is billed based on their consumption

Reviewer: Technically the user is not billed, the organization is. But anyway do you think this reads better?
```suggestion
- Usage is billed based on consumption
```
